updating links inside architecture folder to https (#15459)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/cloud-native/candidate-apps.md

**Figure 1-10**. Strategies for migrating legacy workloads

> Monolithic apps that are non-critical largely benefit from a quick lift-and-shift ([Cloud Infrastructure-Ready](/dotnet/standard/modernize-with-azure-and-containers/lift-and-shift-existing-apps-azure-iaas)) migration. Here, the on-premises workload is rehosted to a cloud-based VM, without changes. This approach uses the [IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service) model](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-iaas/). Azure includes several tools such as ([Azure Migrate](https://aka.ms/azuremigrate), [Azure Site Recovery](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/site-recovery/), and [Azure Database Migration Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/campaigns/database-migration/)) to make such a move easier. While this strategy can yield some cost savings, such applications typically weren't architected to unlock and leverage the benefits of cloud computing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monolithic apps that are non-critical largely benefit from a quick lift-and-shift ([Cloud Infrastructure-Ready](../modernize-with-azure-containers/lift-and-shift-existing-apps-azure-iaas.md)) migration. Here, the on-premises workload is rehosted to a cloud-based VM, without changes. This approach uses the [IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service) model](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-iaas/). Azure includes several tools such as ([Azure Migrate](https://aka.ms/azuremigrate), [Azure Site Recovery](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/site-recovery/), and [Azure Database Migration Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/campaigns/database-migration/)) to make such a move easier. While this strategy can yield some cost savings, such applications typically weren't architected to unlock and leverage the benefits of cloud computing. 
```

> Monolithic apps that are critical to the business oftentimes benefit from an enhanced lift-and-shift (*Cloud Optimized*) migration. This approach includes deployment optimizations that enable key cloud services - without changing the core architecture of the application. For example, you might [containerize](/virtualization/windowscontainers/about/) the application and deploy it to a container orchestrator, like [Azure Kubernetes Services](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/kubernetes-service/), discussed later in this book. Once in the cloud, the application could consume other cloud services such as databases, message queues, monitoring, and distributed caching.

Reviewer: virtualization is another docset that doesn't have a VS offline book. I'd keep the absolute URL.
